Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. Los Angeles Lakers
forward LeBron James, right, drives by Portland Trail Blazers guard Anfernee
Simons during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025,
in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill) Portland Trail Blazers forward Deni
Avdija, right, shoots as Los Angeles Lakers center Jaxson Hayes defends during
the first half of an NBA basketball game, Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Los
Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill) Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James,
right, tosses powder in the air as guard Bronny James stands by prior to an NBA
basketball game against the Portland Trail Blazers, Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in
Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill) Portland Trail Blazers forward Deni
Avdija, right, shoots as Los Angeles Lakers center Jaxson Hayes defends during
the first half of an NBA basketball game, Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Los
Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill) Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James,
center, shoots as Portland Trail Blazers center Donovan Clingan, left, and guard
Scoot Henderson defend during the first half of an NBA basketball game,
Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill) Los Angeles
Lakers forward Rui Hachimura dunks during the first half of an NBA basketball
game against the Portland Trail Blazers, Thursday, Jan. 2, 2025, in Los Angeles.
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)             LOS ANGELES (AP) — LeBron James scored 38
points, Max Christie had a career-high 28 and the Los Angeles Lakers overcame
Anthony Davis’ absence for a 114-106 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers on
Thursday night. James hit a season-high seven 3-pointers and Christie added five
for the Lakers, who have won six of eight. Austin Reaves contributed 15 points,
11 assists and eight rebounds as Los Angeles hung on to beat Portland for the
fifth straight time. Davis sat out for only the second time this season to rest
his sprained left ankle, which the star big man hurt on Christmas. Point guard
Gabe Vincent also sat with a hip injury. Anfernee Simons scored 11 of his 23
points in the fourth quarter for the Blazers, who have lost four of six. Shaedon
Sharpe and Deni Avdija added 19 points apiece. Jaxson Hayes had four points
while starting in Davis’ spot in his return from a 15-game injury absence.
Dorian Finney-Smith scored three points and Shake Milton had four in the
veterans’ second game for the Lakers since arriving in a trade with Brooklyn.
Trail Blazers: The first and fourth quarters were promising, but they waited too
long to get aggressive in the opener of a five-game road trip after going 3-9 in
December. Lakers: Christie is emerging as a key contributor in his third season.
He has scored in double digits for the fourth time in five games, providing
3-and-D excellence.   Portland trailed 99-86 with 6:13 to play, but made a 14-4
run. James and Christie combined for 11 points down the stretch, capped by
James’ seventh 3-pointer with 59 seconds left. 14 of 24 — James’ 3-point
shooting over the past four games. He turned 40 midway through this torrid
stretch. The Lakers host Atlanta on Friday. The Blazers visit Damian Lillard and
the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday. AP NBA: https://apnews.com/NBA Copyright 2025
The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.